README.md, before:

[This document is formatted with GitHub-Flavored Markdown.                      ]:#
[For better viewing, including hyperlinks, read it online at                    ]:#
[https://github.com/openfortranproject/ofp-sdf/blob/master/README.md]:#

#                Open Fortran Parser (OFP)               #
####              1.0.0 release candidate             ####
 
## Contents                                                               
* [Overview]
* [Installing OFP]
* [Documentation]
* [Getting Started]
* [Getting Help]
* [Directories]

## <a name="overview">Overview</a> ##

The Open Fortran Parser (OFP) project provides a Fortran 2008 compliant
parser and associated tools.  These tools provide an API for
actions that are called when parser rules are completed.  These actions
allow a parser user to build a custom Abstract Syntax Tree ([AST]).

If you need access to a complete source-to-source Fortran compiler
infrastructure incorporating OFP, please consider using [ROSE].
If you are specifically interested in coarray Fortran (CAF), please consider 
using the experimental support under development in [OpenCoarrays] for
for transforming CAF programs to extend the features of existing CAF compilers
as well as to support compilation with non-CAF compilers.

The OFP parser is based on the Syntax Definition Formalism [SDF2] used by [Stratego/XT].

## <a name="installing-ofp">Installing OFP</a>  ##

  - See the [INSTALL] file.

## <a name="documentation">Documentation</a>   ##

  - TBA 

## <a name="getting-started">Getting Started</a> ##

  - Ensure that the sglri is in your PATH
  - Build a parse table
```bash
  cd ofp-sdf/fortran/syntax
  make
  cd ../trans
  make
```
  - Run the tests, for example:
```bash
  cd ofp-sdf/tests
  make
``` 
## <a name="getting-help">Getting Help</a> ##

  - Please submit problem reports or feature requests via our [Issues] page.
  - Please send questions to fortran-parser-devel@lists.sourceforge.net.

## <a name="git-repository">git Repository</a>  ##

  - The public is free to clone the most recent copy of the [OFP] git repository
    repository and experiment with the tools.  To submit changes,
    please fork the repository; create a branch based on the master branch of your fork;
    add your suggested feature or bug fix on the new branch; and submit a pull request 
    against [OFP]

## <a name="directories">Directories</a>   ##

* [fortran/experimental]  
  -  sandbox to explore Fortran SDF grammar productions
* [fortran/syntax]        
  -  complete syntax specification for Fortran 2008
* [tests]                
  -  directories for testing Fortran parser
* [tests/rule-tests]      
  -  tests of the original Fortran 2003 syntax rules
* [tests/f08-tests]  
  -  tests of 2008 rule additions and modifications



[Hyperlinks]:#

[Contents]:#
[Overview]: #overview
[Installing OFP]: #installing-ofp
[Documentation]: #documentation
[Getting Started]: #getting-started
[Getting Help]: #getting-help
[Directories]: #directories


[Relative links]:#
[INSTALL]: ./INSTALL
[src]: ./src
[build]: ./build
[tests]: ./tests
[fortran/experimental]: ./fortran/experimental
[fortran/syntax]: ./fortran/syntax       
[tests]: ./tests               
[tests/rule-tests]: ./tests/rule-tests     
[tests/f08-tests]: ./tests/f08-tests  


[URLs]:#
[Issues]: https://github.com/openfortranproject/ofp-sdf/issues
[OFP]: https://github.com/openfortranproject/ofp-sdf/
[OpenCoarrays]: https://github.com/sourceryinstitute/opencoarrays/tree/caffeinate-opencoarrays
[SDF2]: http://releases.strategoxt.org/strategoxt-0.17/sdf2-bundle/sdf2-bundle-2.4pre212034-37nm9z7p/
[Stratego/XT]: http://strategoxt.org
[AST]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abstract_syntax_tree
[ROSE]: http://www.rosecompiler.org/

Commit message:

Added README reference to older OFP repository.
This edit clarifies that the current repository is the one supporting new and ongoing projects, while the other OFP repository supports some legacy projects.

README.md, after:

[This document is formatted with GitHub-Flavored Markdown.                      ]:#
[For better viewing, including hyperlinks, read it online at                    ]:#
[https://github.com/openfortranproject/ofp-sdf/blob/master/README.md]:#

#                Open Fortran Parser (OFP)               #
####              1.0.0 release candidate             ####

This repository hosts the one actively developed OFP parser supporting new and ongoing projects.    
A sepearate [repository](https://github.com/OpenFortranProject/open-fortran-parser) hosts a version 
of OFP that supports some legacy codes.
 
## Contents                                                               
* [Overview]
* [Installing OFP]
* [Documentation]
* [Getting Started]
* [Getting Help]
* [Directories]

## <a name="overview">Overview</a> ##

The Open Fortran Parser (OFP) project provides a Fortran 2008 compliant
parser and associated tools.  These tools provide an API for
actions that are called when parser rules are completed.  These actions
allow a parser user to build a custom Abstract Syntax Tree ([AST]).

If you need access to a complete source-to-source Fortran compiler
infrastructure incorporating OFP, please consider using [ROSE].
If you are specifically interested in coarray Fortran (CAF), please consider 
using the experimental support under development in [OpenCoarrays] for
for transforming CAF programs to extend the features of existing CAF compilers
as well as to support compilation with non-CAF compilers.

The OFP parser is based on the Syntax Definition Formalism [SDF2] used by [Stratego/XT].  An 
[ANTLR]-based [OFP parser] also exists to support legacy projects. The latter repository is
no longer under active development.

## <a name="installing-ofp">Installing OFP</a>  ##

  - See the [INSTALL] file.

## <a name="documentation">Documentation</a>   ##

  - TBA 

## <a name="getting-started">Getting Started</a> ##

  - Ensure that the sglri is in your PATH
  - Build a parse table
```bash
  cd ofp-sdf/fortran/syntax
  make
  cd ../trans
  make
```
  - Run the tests, for example:
```bash
  cd ofp-sdf/tests
  make
``` 
## <a name="getting-help">Getting Help</a> ##

  - Please submit problem reports or feature requests via our [Issues] page.
  - Please send questions to fortran-parser-devel@lists.sourceforge.net.

## <a name="git-repository">git Repository</a>  ##

  - The public is free to clone the most recent copy of the [OFP] git repository
    repository and experiment with the tools.  To submit changes,
    please fork the repository; create a branch based on the master branch of your fork;
    add your suggested feature or bug fix on the new branch; and submit a pull request 
    against [OFP]

## <a name="directories">Directories</a>   ##

* [fortran/experimental]  
  -  sandbox to explore Fortran SDF grammar productions
* [fortran/syntax]        
  -  complete syntax specification for Fortran 2008
* [tests]                
  -  directories for testing Fortran parser
* [tests/rule-tests]      
  -  tests of the original Fortran 2003 syntax rules
* [tests/f08-tests]  
  -  tests of 2008 rule additions and modifications



[Hyperlinks]:#

[Contents]:#
[Overview]: #overview
[Installing OFP]: #installing-ofp
[Documentation]: #documentation
[Getting Started]: #getting-started
[Getting Help]: #getting-help
[Directories]: #directories


[Relative links]:#
[INSTALL]: ./INSTALL
[src]: ./src
[build]: ./build
[tests]: ./tests
[fortran/experimental]: ./fortran/experimental
[fortran/syntax]: ./fortran/syntax       
[tests]: ./tests               
[tests/rule-tests]: ./tests/rule-tests     
[tests/f08-tests]: ./tests/f08-tests  


[URLs]:#
[Issues]: https://github.com/openfortranproject/ofp-sdf/issues
[OFP]: https://github.com/openfortranproject/ofp-sdf/
[OpenCoarrays]: https://github.com/sourceryinstitute/opencoarrays/tree/caffeinate-opencoarrays
[SDF2]: http://releases.strategoxt.org/strategoxt-0.17/sdf2-bundle/sdf2-bundle-2.4pre212034-37nm9z7p/
[Stratego/XT]: http://strategoxt.org
[AST]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abstract_syntax_tree
[ROSE]: http://www.rosecompiler.org/
[ANTLR]: http://www.antlr.org
